Next up let's look at adding app icons so
an icon is basically a unique image that's
added to every mobile applications is
displayed on the App Store and
on the home screen.
And they should be as simple as
possible and usually contain no text so
they should look good as possible,
even when they're super small.
So you can design your own icon using
figma or sketch or anything else.
For iOS it needs to be 1024 by 2024 and
then you basically use
that to create the icon.
So in initial speed already
created an app icon for
us it's this lovely butterfly picture.
Now if you open Xcode and
you go to mood tracker and
images you'll see that we already have
a place here for the app icon and
this actually tells you all
the resolutions that it needs.
And well this will be quite tedious to for
you to create so there are plenty
of tools out there that help you create
them the tool that I use usually is
called Iconizer which is basically
you can download this and install it.
And then this will create the icon
sets for various iOS applications but
in your speed again I have already created
this for you so you can use the one I did.
Now if we open our icon sets,
Then double click to expand it,
This was created using the iconizer
app that I showed earlier and
it has all the different
Resolutions that you might need.
Now you can drag and
drop them into the right boxes but
actually what you can do
is if you delete this.
If you select and click on the minus and
then in your finder if you drag and
drop, the whole icon set.
In here, it auto populates.
Saves you some time.
Now if we click on the top level, mood
tracker here and you on a general tab.
This lets you edit all
kinds of app information.
For example, the device orientation,
you can go portrait or
you can say which ones you support.
So for example, by default,
if you turn your phone left or right.
Like the UI will adapt, but you can
disable these, if you wanted to, but
does this from here.
And here we can also choose our app icon.
There we go.
So, it just hadn't loaded it yet.
So, if we had multiple app icons Most
all of them will show up here and
you can choose the right one,
And finally, for iOS,
I would close the simulator completely.
So you quit it, and then rebuild
from Xcode to get the new app icon.
All right, that was really quick,
interestingly.
So we get the icon here, but not on here.
So let me just uninstall it and
close this.
So due to performance reasons they
get quite aggressively cached.
But it's definitely worked because you
can see it's in the little on top of
the application.
So if you close the simulator reopen
clear cache, it will eventually show up.
There we go.
Here it is.
So now we got our beautiful icon.
And one thing I think I forgot to
do is that here you can also change
the display name.
So by default, it's whatever app
name you created your app as.
But for example,
I could change it to mood and
then this will change the mood as well.